what is up there gadget boy stealing
skirt gaming cup of grand theft auto
online video center done with the
fastest way to earn cash after the 1.02
patch we're going to be demonstrating
and talking about the ps3 version which
pretty much as the opposite buttons for
the 360 in this GTA online video you
will learn the fastest and legit way to
earn cash and GTA online the way I show
you can be considered grinding so if
you're not into it then don't listen to
the method stop the video right now but
the mission I am using is called violent
duck it's a Gerald mission is offered
pretty early ngt online it's kind of
easy you get nine thousand dollars in
around 1100 RP if you're on hard
difficulty as you guys you know before
once you finish the mission you liked it
continued you had all different missions
and stuff you could pick from you had
replay refresh to get more different
ones in free mode what if he did before
was if you hit replay it reads the
mission again put you back in the lobby
but since that was actually patched from
the 1.02 patch we needed another way to
do this and so instead of doing that
which is not available now what you to
do is go into once you went like do not
hit continue with the X button what you
want to do is hit r2 and what it does is
exactly one you remember when you lose
you might lose a mission you would hard
to it a quick restart the options not
given once you finish the mission but it
is there if you hit our to the mission
reach starts the beginning of a mission
what this means is you keep your RP you
keep your money but you don't keep your
Harmer and also the settings so say
we're hardened or more easy are still
the same other than that guys more
informations on description also I want
to say thank you guys for hitting the
channel with 1 million YouTube views and
also 20,000 subscribers it's pretty
awesome because you know what it's been
a year on this channel and I gotta say
it's been awesome oh that guy's look
towards more GTA online videos coming
pretty soon because I will be keeping up
with my channel in this cup coming mump
see you guys and have a great day bye